{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green79\blue181;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c3922\c40000\c76078;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 post 1:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One of the best validations doesn\'92t come from clients.\cb1 \
\cb3 It comes from people in the industry.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 This message is from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/anushka-sirohi/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Anushka Sirohi}} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/devavimedia/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Devavi Media}} \cb1 \
\
\cb3 We\'92re working together on multiple projects, and she dropped this note saying our creatives are actually really good.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 And honestly, that hits different.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 When someone who:\cb1 \
\cb3  \'95 Knows the work\cb1 \
\cb3  \'95 Sees ads every day\cb1 \
\cb3  \'95 Understands effort, depth, and execution\cb1 \
\
\cb3 \'85takes a moment to say \'93you\'92re doing a good job\'94 \'97 that\'92s real validation.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 It tells me we\'92re moving in the right direction.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 It tells me the creative thinking, the iterations, the obsession with details \'97 it\'92s worth it.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Grateful for collaborators like this.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Back to doing the work.\
\
\
post 2:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/instagram/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Instagram}}\'92s 2016 trend but {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/linkedin/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 LinkedIn}} style!!!\cb1 \
\cb3  \cb1 \
\cb3 2016 was the year of my first startup.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 No pitch decks.\cb1 \
\cb3 No LinkedIn posts.\cb1 \
\cb3 Just {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/amazon/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Amazon}} seller dashboards and a lot of hope.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 One of my friends was importing mugs.\cb1 \
\cb3 I started selling them on Amazon.\cb1 \
\cb3 That\'92s how my entrepreneurial journey began.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 I was doing a full-time job back then \'97 working as a workforce manager.\cb1 \
\cb3 Almost 70\'9680% of my paycheck went straight into the business.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 No savings.\cb1 \
\cb3 No safety net.\cb1 \
\cb3 But I was happy.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Being naive, my girlfriend and I even named the company after ourselves \'97 LOL \uc0\u55357 \u56834  \cb1 \
\
\cb3 Shroodax (yes, I really thought that name would go places).\cb1 \
\
\cb3 It didn\'92t.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The startup didn\'92t survive.\cb1 \
\cb3 The brand didn\'92t scale.\cb1 \
\cb3 Fate had other plans.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 But 2016 gave me something far more valuable:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 - I learned how selling actually works\cb1 \
\cb3 - I made mistakes when the market wasn\'92t crowde\cb1 \
\cb3 - I failed early, cheaply, and honestly\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Looking back, I\'92m glad I started that early.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Those years of trial, failure, and learning are the reason I\'92m calm today when things go wrong \'97 because I\'92ve already broken things once.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2016 wasn\'92t a success story.\cb1 \
\cb3 It was a starting point.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 And sometimes, that\'92s more important.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Would love to know \'97 what did your 2016 look like?\
\
post 3 : \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/yashkalra98/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Yash Kalra}} founder of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/goatlife/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 GOAT LIFE}} recently featured on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/shark-tank-india/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Shark Tank India}} \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Long way from when we first met in 2023 \cb1 \
\
\cb3 This isn\'92t just an appreciation post for the Shark Tank moment.\cb1 \
\cb3 It\'92s also a thank-you note from a customer.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 I travel a lot.\cb1 \
\cb3 Protein bars are heavy.\cb1 \
\cb3 Full meals take time.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Goat Oats has quietly become my default backup meal \'97 in my bag, during flights, between meetings.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 What I really like:\cb1 \
\cb3  \'95 Takes 30 seconds, no drama\cb1 \
\cb3  \'95 Light on calories, still filling\cb1 \
\cb3  \'95 Flavours actually feel researched (cookie & cream is my current favourite)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 You can tell there\'92s real R&D behind it \'97 not just branding.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Big congratulations on Shark Tank Season 5, Yash.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Wishing you 2k orders/day soon\'85 and then 4k/day right after.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Always good to see founders building useful products, not just loud ones.\
\
post 4 :\
\
FEELING PROUD : my concept being copied by foreign brands. \cb1 \
\
\cb3 But here\'92s what happened.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Last year, early 2025, I created a video ad with a simple hook:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93What is the sound of happiness?\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Then came the Shopify notification sound.\cb1 \
\cb3 That blink. That moment.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 That single ad:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Brought in \uc0\u8377 86L in revenue through client sign-ups\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Ran for almost a year without fatigue\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Is still running today\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Became the reason multiple good brands booked calls\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Fast forward to now.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 I see an AI performance marketing tool, a solid international brand, running an ad with the same concept.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 And honestly?\cb1 \
\cb3 I\'92m not upset.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Because copying doesn\'92t bother me.\cb1 \
\cb3 It validates.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 It tells me the idea worked so well that it became a reference point.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 And let\'92s be real \'97 all of us have copied something at some point.\cb1 \
\cb3 Execution is what separates noise from impact.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 If someone copies your concept, it usually means:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 You were early\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 You were effective\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 You did something worth noticing\cb1 \
\
\cb3 So yeah, I\'92ll take this one as a quiet win.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Back to work.\
\
post 5 : \
\
Had one of the shortest on-boardings of my career today.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Call started at 12:00 PM.\cb1 \
\cb3 By 12:15 PM, the client said:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93Send the contract, invoice. Let\'92s start.\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb3 15 minutes. Done.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 And no, this wasn\'92t a \'93yes sir, whatever you say\'94 client.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 This was a dream client in the real sense:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Understands business\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Knows how agencies work\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 No unrealistic expectations\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Clear about what they want\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Can judge capability quickly\cb1 \
\
\cb3 These are the clients you don\'92t need to convince.\cb1 \
\cb3 You just need to be clear.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 I even have the Gemini notes timestamped at 12:15 PM \'97 that\'92s how fast the decision was made.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Days like these remind me:\cb1 \
\cb3 Good delivery + clarity + experience = fast trust.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Not every win is loud.\cb1 \
\cb3 Some wins are just\'85 clean.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Perfect way to end the week.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/ridhi-goel-/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Ridhi Goel}}\cb3  : KUDOS fro pre qualification and rapport.\
\
post 6:\
"Your Work is Great, But We're Going With Someone Else"\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 That's what the client told me after the first AMAZING call.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Perfume brand. Good spends. Great fit. Amazing first call.\cb1 \
\cb3 We were so sure we had it.\cb1 \
\cb3 We didn't.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 They interviewed 21 agencies. We made it to the final round. Then lost to a smaller team with work similar to ours.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 I asked why.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The client was honest: "Daksh, we need an agency that can represent us. We want someone who can represent themselves first."\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Ouch.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We had the portfolio. The case studies. The big brands. The results.\cb1 \
\cb3 We just didn't show it online.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Our website? Outdated. Our recognitions? Never posted. Our wins? Buried somewhere.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 We were too lazy to put it out there because we thought good work speaks for itself.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 It doesn't.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Your online presence is your proof. Not just for clients\'97for everyone.\cb1 \
\cb3 So we fixed it. Fast. Got the developer online, updated everything, put up all our wins.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 But the lesson stuck:\cb1 \
\cb3 Doing great work isn't enough if nobody knows you're doing great work.\cb1 \
\cb3 Even if you're killing it. Even if you have clients lining up. You can always do better.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Feedback humbles you. Rejection teaches you.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Thanks to that client for the honesty. We needed it.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Agency owners\'97when's the last time you looked at your own brand the way a client would?\
}